#insert before "endmenu"


config IRQ_SBALANCE
	bool "SBalance IRQ balancer"
	depends on SMP
	default n
	help
	  This is a simple IRQ balancer that polls every X number of
	  milliseconds and moves IRQs from the most interrupt-heavy CPU to the
	  least interrupt-heavy CPUs until the heaviest CPU is no longer the
	  heaviest. IRQs are only moved from one source CPU to any number of
	  destination CPUs per balance run. Balancing is skipped if the gap
	  between the most interrupt-heavy CPU and the least interrupt-heavy CPU
	  is below the configured threshold of interrupts.

	  The heaviest IRQs are targeted for migration in order to reduce the
	  number of IRQs to migrate. If moving an IRQ would reduce overall
	  balance, then it won't be migrated.

	  The most interrupt-heavy CPU is calculated by scaling the number of
	  new interrupts on that CPU to the CPU's current capacity. This way,
	  interrupt heaviness takes into account factors such as thermal
	  pressure and time spent processing interrupts rather than just the
	  sheer number of them. This also makes SBalance aware of CPU asymmetry,
	  where different CPUs can have different performance capacities and be
	  proportionally balanced.

if IRQ_SBALANCE
config IRQ_SBALANCE_POLL_MSEC
	int "Polling interval in milliseconds"
	default 3000
	help
	  Perform IRQ balancing every X milliseconds.

config IRQ_SBALANCE_THRESH
	int "Balance threshold in number of interrupts"
	default 1024
	help
	  There needs to be a difference of at least this many new interrupts
	  between the heaviest and least-heavy CPUs during the last polling
	  window in order for balancing to occur. This is to avoid balancing
	  when the system is quiet.

	  This threshold is compared to the _scaled_ interrupt counts per CPU;
	  i.e., the number of interrupts scaled to the CPU's capacity.

config SBALANCE_EXCLUDE_CPUS
	string "CPUs to exclude from balancing"
	help
	  Comma-separated list of CPUs to exclude from IRQ balancing.

	  For example, to ignore CPU0, CPU1, and CPU2, it is valid to provide
	  "0,1-2" or "0-2" or "0,1,2".

endif
